hey guys what's up its new release blitz
today is February 28th and I'm here with
Tomb Raider for the ps3 this game is
coming out on March 5th so in a couple
of days and I wanted to guys show you
what's inside the box which is of course
the game and the manual and let you know
I haven't been doing too many unboxing
so far however once the season heats up
I'll be bringing you a lot more of the
great games I've been waiting for this
year including BioShock Infinite God of
War next week ascension of course The
Last of Us and many more why did you
guys let me know in the comments what
you think I should be picking up this is
actually my second video of Tomb Raider
I did one just earlier but I was not
able to record it in HD by mistake so I
kind of already took the wrapping off
but either way this is in 720 it has
multiplayer a survivor is born I heard
it's amazing it's getting like nines out
of tens one around 40 43 Awards if you
like uncharted and apparently it takes a
lot of the great elements from that game
and improves on them as well as creating
a very attractive protagonist Lara Croft
is now more human than ever and as a
result you're gonna be feeling I guess
more compelled more attached to her as
she journeys on her on her way to
becoming the Lara Croft that everybody
knows so that's one player two to eight
online 720p and it is 5.2 megabytes of
your harddrive space it's by Crystal
Dynamics and Square Enix that's the disc
very basic very monochromatic Tomb
Raider ps3 and then we have the manual
which is very very small it's kind of
like three pages one in French and one
in English and then we have a spur in
Xcode in the back here for anybody who
collects Square Enix member points feel
free to use this code I do not collect
them so that's pretty much it let me
know what you guys think of the game if
you guys are planning to pick it up I
definitely suggest it if you like a
tower action adventure games it's been a
pretty dry year so far but look forward
to playing Tomb Raider and then
hope you guys enjoy it thanks for
watching check out for more videos very
soon and again let me know what else I
should be picking up this year I will be
getting a ps4 and most likely on Xbox
720 if that comes out as well alright
thank you bye for now